All my misery is caused by them
They also reverse black and white
Go outside and say I messed with men at a young age
One stillborn remains
Lost the face of the Gu family
That year was my darkest year
I thought it was fine
But I fell into the rain overnight
Grandma fell ill again at this time
Grandma is the only person in the world who cares about me
I had to save him.
But I'm a guy who didn't even go to college
What kind of high-paying job?
I can only rely on the Gu family
Give me the money to save my grandmother
If only I could meet my relatives sooner
I won't let him suffer so much
At that time, I was working several jobs a day
Just to get together the money to save grandma as soon as possible
But I didn't expect it.
They are hesitant to do it again
He wants to sell me to the He family
I can't help it.
That's why I found you to get a flash marriage certificate
Want to get rid of the Gu family
actually
Such a broken me
Still acceptable
It's not you who are dirty, it's the Gu family
You can rest assured of what you have suffered
I will definitely ask the Gu family to double it and return it to you.
I tell you these things
I don't want you to support me
I think you have the right to know the truth
Besides
The Gu family is very complicated
It's not something we can fight
I told you you were my wife
I will never part with you in my life
You want a good rest?
What the Gu family owes you, I will get it back for you
No you don't go to them
actually
Your 8